Well, I ask Luigi the pizza maker
Plant of plant operating Krems
write from tomatoes ham
tomato and ham a hamburger
declaration the company secret
I have it
go to a friedman the
you can push a bit
I know one he can be a hippo for
for that is not my own
built machine self-built
machines self-built machine sets
summit builds machines
let's have a quandt which
first name has helge schneider hellberg
fucks 1 4499 women in 8 hours to ins
guinness book of records to come
jonas the letters s english
pronounced mean what fuck you
the journey continues along the
sprints of stripes looking for
new adventure
I'm hungry here
that's really in your own juice
which is making young
He has not got the right color yet
dish really good and also tastes good
It's great that we taste it too
is a great sad story
almost a pity
almost
Farmer
there's no such thing
and funny